[Music]
hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be showing you my night routine for the
night before the first day of school
this is a good part of my grand of BTS
series make sure to use this tag with
Instagram if you want to show me any
posts that you have post relating to you
back to school of course I haven't
actually gone back to school yet myself
but I have devised this routine based on
what I think I'm going to be doing I'm
going to be restarting this routine with
dinner and tonight my mom made courgette
risotto so the first thing I do when I
get up to my room is choose my outfit at
a birthday because I do not want to be
worrying about this tomorrow morning
so I decided to wear this Jonny Bowden
blue Paisley shirt and a lemon S Blaze
alongside a pleated black skirt I also
decided to lay out the things that I
would be needing to get ready the next
morning which is my hairbrush a headband
a hairband a perfume another lip balm
and then I proceeded she write my to-do
list with the first day of school so
there are just a few things that I
always need to do when I get back to
school and I like to have a list of them
so that I do not forget them then I take
this new list and put it in the front of
my planner and I thought I was gonna
fold it but then I decided against it so
I slide that in my planner and then I go
put that away to come back because again
it doesn't think that I do not want to
forget tomorrow
after that I decide to check over my
summer homework checklist to make sure
that I did do everything and that
everything is in my bag next I go and
get myself a snack from the cupboard to
put in my bag and I decided to bring
this goodies carrot cake ball and I just
sorted that in the sidewalk next I
decide to fill up my water bottle and I
used our food mountain flat and a lot of
people think that it's very odd for us
to have a spoon water fountain in a
hallway but is actually very convenient
especially when you need a drink in the
night and you don't want to go
downstairs so then I screw the lid on
and I click that onto the front of my
bag
the next thing I do is go through my
money box and get some coins for my
checkered past because we can buy talk
at school and it's always hard to have
some change or new in case you do that
hungry even though I do have a good news
bar so I probably won't be using this
money so the next thing is to check that
everything isn't way bad it's really
easy to forget a single notepad or your
pencil case and so I always like to make
sure that I have absolutely everything
Here I am lighting a candlestick and I
always really love to work my caramel
stick light it's pretty calming and it
especially gets to into the autumn
spirit
[Music]
[Applause]
then I will write a letter to my friend
Rudy we're both very excited her back to
school and so this is a great way to
remind myself that we are actually going
back tomorrow
[Music]
Here I am reading Harry Potter I always
like to read or watch the Harry Potter
series before the first day of term
because it really asked me into the back
to school
[Music]
next I choose some pajamas and then I go
to the bathroom
and Here I am washing my hands and do my
contact lenses and then I am brushing my
teeth one thing I always do the right
before a new time is have a shower and
wash might have once I mask the shower I
brush my hair and put it into Platt so
that it will be a little bit wavy and
then I put on some pumpkin pie chapstick
every year the night before the first
day of the Autumn term I decide to read
the whole of Coraline I've been doing
this for about five years now
I actually primarily do it at the very
last paragraph which I'm going to read
to you in a second it just reminds me
that summer is over
and it kind of helps you to appreciate
the summer that you've had so then I
read the New York Times on my iPad and I
also write in my log and then I get
started on reading corn
normally on the night before the first
day of town
Coraline was apprehensive inerts but she
realized there was nothing left about
school that could scare her she fancied
she could hear sweet music on the night
at the kind of music that can only be
paid in the tiniest of the trombones and
trumpets for the scenes on Piccolo's and
cheapest so down the pittance that Keys
could only be pressed by the tiny pink
fingers of white mice Coraline imagined
that she was back in Gannon her dream
with the two girls in the boy ante a
tree in the letter and she smiled as the
bastards came out to corn I finally
allowed herself to drift into sleep well
the gentle upstairs music of the most
active spilled out into the warm evening
telling the world
[Music]
so thank you so much for watching I hope
that you found this video helpful and I
hope that it can help you in ensuring
that you have a very productive night
before the first day as well I wish
everyone an incredible school year ahead
and good luck to everyone who's starting
GCSEs or go into a new school or
starting a levels and those who have
already gone back I hope that you are
enjoying it remember I have also got a
website WWE at Te Teko at UK where I
will be selling a study planner at the
beginning of September so do stay tuned
for that I'm so excited to share it with
you and I'm going to be showing the
study planning sheets on my channel very
soon so thank you again and have a
productive week